README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor: Testimonials Grid

Solution to the _[Testimonials Grid](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/testimonials-grid-section-Nnw6J7Un7)_ challenge on Frontend Mentor.

### Challenge

- Build out a testimonials grid section using the provided desktop and mobile designs
- Users should be able to:
  - View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size

### Solution

Live Site: [https://tinuola.github.io/fm_testimonials-grid/](https://tinuola.github.io/fm_testimonials-grid/)

### Retrospective

- After completing the initial challenge with HTML & CSS (branch: _01_html-css_), I realized that the card-based layout would make for a simple / light-weight React practice (branch: _02_react_).

### Potential Enhancement(s)

- Option to select and switch color palettes

### Tools & Resources

- HTML, CSS, JavaScript
  - CSS Grid
  - React
- [A Modern CSS Reset by Andy Bell](https://piccalil.li/blog/a-modern-css-reset/)

_Visit my [Frontend Mentor profile](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/tinuola) to view other challenges I've completed!_

Commit message:

Updates documentation after gh deployment

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor: Testimonials Grid

Solution to the _[Testimonials Grid](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/testimonials-grid-section-Nnw6J7Un7)_ challenge on Frontend Mentor.

### Challenge

- Build out a testimonials grid section using the provided desktop and mobile designs
- Users should be able to:
  - View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size

### Solution

Live Site: [https://tinuola.github.io/fm_testimonials-grid/](https://tinuola.github.io/fm_testimonials-grid/)

### Retrospective

- After completing the initial challenge with HTML & CSS ( **_Branch: 01_html-css_**), realized that the card-based layout would be ideal for a simple React practice (**_Branch: 02_react_**). The React version is the currently deployed version.
- Ran into errors deploying the React version to Github Pages. Discovered that deploy script was looking for a `build` directory that didn't exist since Vite was bundling production files to a `dist` directory. A Dev.to article (linked in _Resources_) helped with a slight update needed in the Vite config file and the deployment commands.

### To deploy to Github Pages

```
#
$ npm run build
$ git add src/dist
$ git commit -m "Adding dist"
$ git subtree push --prefix src/dist origin gh-pages
```

### Potential Enhancement(s)

- ~~Card-based layout for a simple React app practice~~
- Option to select and switch color palettes

### Tools & Resources

- HTML, CSS, JavaScript
  - CSS Grid
  - React
- [A Modern CSS Reset by Andy Bell](https://piccalil.li/blog/a-modern-css-reset/)
- [Deploying Vite App to GitHub Pages](https://dev.to/shashannkbawa/deploying-vite-app-to-github-pages-3ane) (_Dev.to_)

_Visit my [Frontend Mentor profile](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/tinuola) to view other challenges I've completed!_
